The city's in devastation, it's in chaos, bridges have collapsed, many houses on the edge of the river were swept away.
Our main concern was the health of our brothers, their well-being.
We got in contact with some of the local elders who reassured us everyone was safe.
So, immediately, we started getting in contact with brothers from the circuit,
and in a few hours, almost one and a half tons of food was received at the support center.
We had an experience with an older lady because she had seen so many people in our house cleaning up.
She asked us, why are there so many people at your house?
Did they all live in your house?
No, their brothers and sisters from our congregation.
Were Jehovah's Witnesses?
Ah, but nobody came from my church to help me, not even to assist me to get out of the house and certainly not to clean up my house.
So we really see what a privilege it is to have our brotherhood.
Even though our cities in this state, we as Jehovah's people are together and united and we're all right.
Without a doubt, Jehovah is helping us and he's with us.